Hey everyone.
Now that we've finished going
over all the acronyms and
terminology, let's take a quick look back
at sort of everything you've learned,
which is just a bunch of acronyms and
terminology.
>> You will have learned as
much as you put into this one.
Exactly, because I mean,
we kind of just skim through everything.
But, if you take some time,
go back, read up, check out,
don't forget to check out the links that
we're going to provide you after this
because I have some cool little websites
that I got some of this information
from or most of this information from.
I would suggest also skimming through and
just reading as much as possible.
>> You know, add it to your cheat sheet,
study it, know it well.
>> Yeah.
>> For sure, for sure.
And I'm pretty sure there's
going to be a lot more that pops up
when our professor speaks
in the next module.
But until then, we'll see you in the next
lesson, which should be coming up shortly,
so thank you.